Take me to the cold palace to explain Fei Shu.
That's right now.
Why don't you do your best?
I'm waiting for you. Go inside and you didn't say anything about his coming.
If you shouldn't ask, don't ask.
Where did you come from?
Are you being noisy? Let go and I will really remember you.
You two sisters.
What's wrong? Is it strange?
Get over it. Get over it. Get over it.
Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over.
Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over. Go over.
When you come here, I don’t even have suggestions like the emperor’s.
Not to mention being captured by the Emperor Chongqing
Just stuck in gold
The emperor is old and sick soon
No need for me to kill him with my own hands
Wait until he dies of old age and won't let you rely on physical strength to grow.
All this plan was ruined by you
Then what kind of pretty girl are you?
It's just that you hurt me first, it's not me who wants to fight back
So it must be better
Stop dreaming
You've hurt me once
I will cooperate with you after you pay it back
Printed during the emperor's reign tomorrow night
The third prince must not be thinking about anything.
In fact, including today, I am pregnant for the third time
Not the third prince either
For Cha Yin’s body
But you worry about me
For thousands of promises of cooperation
Naturally, I will not be a member of the board of directors.
You fight the Three Emperors economy
You will retire later